i can't remember who met who
first or who fell in love with who first
all i can remember is the seven of us
always together
well it's not just infatuation kevin
she's not just a girl
she's the only evidence of god that i
can find on this entire planet
where did you meet wendy again prison
hi felice how you doing me oh you know
it ain't easy being me
you know all those nights we stayed up
talking
how come he never made a pass at me i'm
gonna get you a red
lacy baby doll mic alec i'm very happy
in your old pajamas no i'm happy when
you're out of my old pajamas
alec is becoming a republican and he
wants to get married
oh my god do you ever feel like you're
not accomplishing anything
at all i think i'm in touch with that
[Music]
emotion
you're not gonna believe hot hand it's
gonna be
[Music]
you